before began leaven stop by saying if
you damn near sixteen you gonna get a
woman half your age by lyin
your name better be something smooth
like Archibald Leitch the stars of our
movie today ah grumpy old man Holly
Golightly and Archibald Leitch Floyd the
story begins with this guy fallen dead
off a train but what I really want to
talk about is how this giving me some
major psycho but our story really begins
with this lovely bit named Reggie look
at ain t press eating her troubles away
when she tells her friend she's planning
to divorce her husband and her friend
says Charles
and Reggie's like no the husband I ain't
married to dumb bit look at it you know
she must be thinking what can't I track
some smart friends but don't worry honey
you might not attract some smart friends
but you sho can attract some fine flies
look here's one now so Archie leach
walks up to Reggie and says hi is this
your brat nice to meet you my name is
Peter Joshua or it might be Peter gene
and and s take your pick we both pretty
cute so Richard goes home to her
apartment says goodbye to her dumb bit
friend her dumb bit friend's brat and
walks in to find out her husband done up
and left and apparently took all day
loot and this is stuff freaking out and
then out of nowhere something like boots
and then I believe your husband is dead
Aziz your husband's told back at the
office she's like indeed they were my
husband's fugly piggies two million
loading grounds for the vaults I swear
to do whatnot I heard them squealing
under the cobbles and he gives her a bag
with some instruments for grooming and a
letter to Reggie with an envelope with
three rare stamps he bought with the
$250,000 he stole from the OSS but you
ain't supposed to know that yet so don't
go ruining the surprise for yourself
dummy and then is is your album pass
Paul it says wrong z0 of the fastball is
this one and this one too so she goes
back to her empty crib and she just
stand there like
did I really know my husband and if I
didn't was he the one I was really
divorcing was his name really Charles or
was that man in the mode just piggy
fronting he said I owe my friend who is
the dumbbell is my name really adele
dazeem things that make you go hmm at
the funeral of Charles Joe Bob down Dave
one man comes in to see the body another
comes in to see the body ain't breathing
and a third man comes in to be a pro and
pro dead body then she gets another
letter from CIA Administrator Hamilton
Bartholomew asking her to come meet him
in his office all right I see you
creepin Alfred and you know what this
part a little complicated so I was just
reading straight from Wikipedia
Reggie learns that them three men at the
funeral Gideon Tex and that guy that
said you always was a good boy Luke
works for the OPP during World War Two
to give a quarter million dollars to the
French Resistance because this was
before W had that beef with France and
started calling on freedom fries and
they along with her husband Danny Donnie
Joe Jon Jordan Lambert and some bit
named Carson Dyle grab that dough but
Carson Dyle got mortally wounded and
they all trying to kill Larry Moe curly
Lambert for now Sharon but the truth is
Bartholomew is the real Carson Dyle
pretending to work for the CIA and it's
trying to do this bi T and to find the
money so he can keep it all for himself
but you ain't supposed to know that yet
so don't go ruining the surprise for
yourself dummy and then dial Bartholomew
like Reggie you in danger girl
well Wikipedia has spoken it must be
true then Peter takes Reggie out on the
town where she runs into Gideon and Tex
then he takes her back to a hotel where
she runs into kook law Luke this is Tosh
yelling hey dub hey dub like he's out
picking carrots or something and if you
get that joke you legit so they will
find out Peter might be in league with
the Marx Brothers or not and she's like
Archie don't lie to me baby and he's
like I'm not that's why I'm gonna tell
you right now my real name is Brian
Waller and she's like Brian Walmer and
he's like yes that's right Stephanie
Joanne Angelina Germanotta later cool
Klaw calls Reggie and says I just cause
endowed you to let you know if they'll
eat you with his cousin dial and she's
like oh
but later he says now baby ayan Carson
Dyle I'm his brother
Norma Jeane Mortenson except that the
real Dyle explains to Reggie that Carson
Dyle ain't got no brother and he would
know meanwhile PETA has a little run-in
with the claw named Rica hold a gun with
that thing
how he gonna pull the trigger let the
scrapping come in and after what reg is
like oh my word
what happened and he says I had a little
tussle with Hugh Jackman that Wolverine
think he's somebody but he just ain't no
match for the leech then they found cool
Claude Luke don't call all over but
Reggie's like oh well I'm hungry let's
hit a McDonald's well this ain't what I
had in mind but I guess it'll do when it
sees disappointment on the face he says
What's Wrong muffin and Reggie says cuss
and I ain't got no brother but he's like
oh don't worry I got a whole list of BS
prepared for this scenario you might
want to grab a pen you see my daddy made
flying umbrellas for Mary Poppins I
refuse to accept such a mediocre job and
unfortunately there ain't no jobs for a
man who refuses to make flying umbrellas
for Mary Poppins the demand for that
career is quite high and Reggie says you
mean your thief and Peter says that's
the wrong Hitchcock movie and do you
look like Grace Kelly so Reggie says
well what's your real name and he's like
I thought I done told you
it's Mary and Robert Morrison then they
shine a spotlight on some folks making
out and you might not want to do that
folks might be doing something they
ought not be doing out there in the
front walk home for us ha hey I see you
creeping clue so while Clouseau out
getting his freak on get in gets killed
and then they go through that damn bag
again looking for what could possibly be
worth one quarter of a million dollars
it's the stands no it ain't a damn
wallet is the stance no it into Coleman
listen belongs to Beyonce it's the
staffs awful it ain't the letter it's
the stamps on the envelope that
contained the letter put down the damn
truth face is the Stiles then they'll
run into each other while they out
looking around the last place mister
level was supposed to be and then they
find out all the things you already
don't ruin for yourself
it's the stamps and dial is Bartholomew
Bartholomew is dial dial is a grumpy old
man
boring bad guy monologue
malaya blabbity blah blah I wanted to
share that money with them bits but they
left me for dead blah blah blabbity blah
and I'm gonna just keep talking about
your old man sneaking up on me blabbity
blabbity blah blah even though he said
nothing in a long time and I had this
fantastic plot all worked out and I'm
now gonna let my big confession be my
undoing oh they always do this then this
old man chase and then he dies in a
theater how dramatic but that's okay the
floor broke his fall
and his legs and is back probably then
they go to the embassy to turn the money
in to the government so they can sit
they worthless is on some golden toilet
seats she finds out Brian
Cruikshank is actually Mark Sinclair I
mean more strips would make a white I'm
being Cary Grant then but first he asks
her to marry him and then they do some
France walk his home there I am
be sure to like share and subscribe and
press that little ring-a-ding bail for
your regular fixham m you can expect me
to upload more videos in a quickness huh
see what I did that I lied
or did I and be sure to go check out my
teespring shop the link is in the
description
we recently designed some new love you
muffin merch and that's the God's honest
truth the merch does exist and I do love
you muffin full movies explained fall
I'm Jeb dire or am I